README.md, before:

[![github](https://github.com/almeida-raphael/arpc/workflows/Unit%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/almeida-raphael/arpc)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/almeida-raphael/arpc/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/almeida-raphael/arpc)
# aRPC - Antenna Remote Procedure Call
Antenna remote procedure call (aRPC) is an RPC protocol focused on distributed processing and HPC. aRPC is implemented over QUIC and inspired by gRPC's architecture.
One of the main focus of this project is being as ergonomic as possible for the developer while being fast, that's why we choose Colfer for our serialization tool and made some simplifications over gRPC architecture.  

### Architecture
If you want to check our architecture and design choices, check the project paper (link will be available soon).
### Usage
```go
```

### WIP
This project is currently a work in progress and should be not used in production environments.

### Authors
* [Raphael C. Almeida](https://github.com/almeida-raphael)
* [Vitor Vasconcellos](https://github.com/HeavenVolkoff)
* [Ericson Soares](https://github.com/fogodev)

Commit message:

Added arpc_examples repository to README.md

README.md, after:

[![github](https://github.com/almeida-raphael/arpc/workflows/Unit%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/almeida-raphael/arpc)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/almeida-raphael/arpc/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/almeida-raphael/arpc)
# aRPC - Antenna Remote Procedure Call
Antenna remote procedure call (aRPC) is an RPC protocol focused on distributed processing and HPC. aRPC is implemented over QUIC and inspired by gRPC's architecture.
One of the main focus of this project is being as ergonomic as possible for the developer while being fast, that's why we choose Colfer for our serialization tool and made some simplifications over gRPC architecture.  

### Architecture
If you want to check our architecture and design choices, check the project paper (link will be available soon).

### Usage
```go
```

### Examples
If you want examples we have the [aRPC Examples repository](https://github.com/almeida-raphael/arpc_examples), this is a 
collection of examples to show aRPC features and ease the understanding of new aRPC users and contributors. 

### WIP
This project is currently a work in progress and should be not used in production environments.

### Authors
* [Raphael C. Almeida](https://github.com/almeida-raphael)
* [Vitor Vasconcellos](https://github.com/HeavenVolkoff)
* [Ericson Soares](https://github.com/fogodev)
